Project Requirements - Sorted

User Requirements
	The application shall display a map of SCSU and assist the user to locate buildings on campus. The prime use would be to
	determine the location of classroom buildings. An associated group would be other high-use buildings for students: the library,
	the student center, and the Wintergreen building. All SCSU faciities should locatable, including Southern on the Green (SOTG).

	The product has no support for users with limited vision.
	The product should support alternate color schemes for users with color vision deficiency; monochromacy, dichromacy,
		trichromacy, or deuteranopia, tritanopia, etc.

	It would be useful if the map could zoom and center (scaled and translated).

System Requirements
	Computer with display, modern browser, support for Html Canvas, and Javascript enabled.

Domain Requirements
	Domain of Operations



--------------------
Functional Requirements
	1 Display a campus map, retrieved from Google
	1a The map's color scheme should have the buildings stand out from the background
		ref: https://snazzymaps.com/
	   Alternatively the buildings should be outlines
	2 Display current Location, position refreshed at some nominal rate to reduce power consumption
	3 Display location where car was parked (location must be in parking lot)
	4 Compass Heading
	5 Javascript must be enabled
	6 Support for HTML Canvas element
		ref. http://caniuse.com/#feat=canvas	


Non-Functional Requirements
(specify characeristics of the system, constraints)
	1 Internet Connection is required

	2,3 If the hardware does not support GPS, or it is turned off, the Magnetometer api has no utility
		The system will display a "No GPS" icon
			clicking the icon will display "No GPS in this device" or
						       "GPS currently turned off on device" 
	3 If the current location is not in a parking facility
			the system will display a "Not Parked" icon
	4 If the hardware does not have a Magnetometer, the Magnetometer api has no utility.
		Early prototypes will display a "No Compass" icon
			clicking the icon will display "No Compass in this device"
		Later prototypes will sample the user's GPS location and calculate the current travel direction and display
		a heading based on that.

	A System should not be a heavy drain on a batery-operated device




  
